---
category: logs
layout: logs
title: "The Meme Debate"
stardate: 12070
---

{% highlight irc %}
<+Penumbra> anyone alive?
<+ATLAS_Moon> Depends on your definition of alive
* Everclef opens the airlock and immediately closes it again
<+ATLAS_Moon> Don't do that
<+Everclef> yeah, i hate leaving the airlock closed too because everything stinks after a while
<+Everclef> but they make us do it, so
* Notify: undefined is online (STARLIGHT).
* Notify: undefined is offline (STARLIGHT).
* Notify: undefined is online (STARLIGHT).
<+ATLAS_Moon> You know what I mean
* undefined has joined #starlight
* conor gives voice to undefined
<+Everclef> well excuse me for not liking a stinky ship
<+ATLAS_Moon> Every millisecond that door is open is another kg of fuel that's is required by life support to replenish the oxygen.
<+undefined> back
<+ATLAS_Moon> wb
<+Everclef> nobody told life to have such stringent rules
<+ATLAS_Moon> Noone did, but here we are
<+Everclef> and i didn't open the outer airlock
<+Everclef> just the inner one
<+Penumbra> i like sitting in the airlock sometimes
<+Penumbra> pressing my ear up to the outer airlock
<+Penumbra> and listening to nothingn
<+Everclef> the stinky air diffuses into the airlock and i can slowly make the ship smell less  if i do it for  an hour
<+ATLAS_Moon> The airlock is not that big
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: deadmau5 - Glish] | [Listeners: 1]
<+ATLAS_Moon> And you'd still have to purge the air to do that again
<+ATLAS_Moon> And we have air scrubbers for that
<+Penumbra> I love when my "friends" say we're gonna do something, then make an excuse for not doing it right now, then never getting back to me
<+Nergal> thats life
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: Pogo - Nicey Nicey] | [Listeners: 1]
<+Penumbra> luckily I have my 90 ton Mauler to keep me company
<+Everclef> the air scrubbers don't keep up
<+ATLAS_Moon> Then submit a ticket I don't know. Just don't waste fuel, credits are hard to come by when you don't have jobs.
<+Penumbra> i have a job thank you very much
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: deadmau5 - A Moment to Myself] | [Listeners: 1]
<+Penumbra> its to annoy you
<+ATLAS_Moon> Let me know when that starts paying
<+undefined> who pays you?
* Notify: shadows is online (STARLIGHT).
* shadows has joined #starlight
* conor gives voice to shadows
<+undefined> you're back
<+ATLAS_Moon> Well shadows
<+Everclef> does it matter that much
<+ATLAS_Moon> Congratulations for sleeping when you said you would
<+Everclef> the only use for the currency is when game night rolls around
<+Penumbra> me and rivenwolf have a barter system set up
<+ATLAS_Moon> And fuel and food. Y'know the things needed to survive.
<+ATLAS_Moon> Barter with what?
<+Everclef> we're out in space and talk to no one
<+Penumbra> >_>
<+Penumbra> <_<
<+Penumbra> secrets....
<+ATLAS_Moon> What resource do we have that is possibly renewable?
<+Everclef> besides you only need to worry about food when you don't have sheep hexagons
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: Pendulum - Vault] | [Listeners: 1]
<+Penumbra> memes are renewable
<+Everclef> and no one's inept enough to leave out sheep
<+ATLAS_Moon> Memes are not a resource
<+Everclef> how so?!
<+ATLAS_Moon> Because there is no demand
<+ATLAS_Moon> At least any marketable one
<+Everclef> on what ship is there no demand for memes
<+ATLAS_Moon> Any
<+Penumbra> cory is a meme
<+Penumbra> nugflow is a meme
<+Penumbra> bees
<+Penumbra> bears
<+Penumbra> legs
<+Penumbra> skrillfeld
<+Penumbra> so may memes, so many sources of fuel
<+Everclef> i'll take all of those for 10 wolfopoly dollars
<+undefined> there was even a new meme today
<+undefined> kind of
<+Everclef> and we make all our own food with a really nice compost  system, that'll last for about another 27000 years or so
<+Everclef> just as long as we keep pooping we'll be fine
<+Nergal> memebee
<+Penumbra> i want to spend all my wolfopoly dollars on a new spacesuit
<+Everclef> why a new spacesuit
<+Everclef> it's all about the dog stickers
<+ATLAS_Moon> And that compost system goes though a re-enricher. You cant make protein and vitamins out of nothing, those resources cost credits.
<+Everclef> you put enough on your suit and you become a walking meme
<+Penumbra> but dog stickers cant survive the vaccum
<+Penumbra> and plus, i need something to put my stickers on
<+Everclef> spacesuits don't wear out that quickly
<+Penumbra> i never had one to start off with
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: Daft Punk - Veridis Quo] | [Listeners: 1]
<+Penumbra> ive been wearing the same outfit since this ship left earth
<+Everclef> and if they do wear out too quickly for you, that's what the nugflow 6x8 notebook is for
<+Penumbra> spess suit
<+Penumbra> i need
<+Everclef> well atlas that's why we have memes
<+ATLAS_Moon> MEMES ARE NOT A RESOURCE
<+Nergal> they are a curse
<+ATLAS_Moon> That too
<+Everclef> don't you remember way back in the 2010s when sociobiologists determined that certain phrases, when spoken out loud, and frequently, have a tendency to generate proteins and vitamins randomly at a frequency greater than other infrequent, less meme-y phrases
<+Nergal> ...what
<+Nergal> I need some proofs
<+ATLAS_Moon> ^
<+undefined> energy can be converted to matter
<+Nergal> that is true...
<+undefined> memes have energy
<+undefined> therefore, memes are a resource
<+ATLAS_Moon> Memes have no energy
<+Everclef> best syllogism 10/10
<+ATLAS_Moon> They are a concept
<+ATLAS_Moon> They are the byproduct of energy
<+Penumbra> MEMES FUEL THE WORLD
<+ATLAS_Moon> NO
<+Everclef> when we say 'meme' we mean the physical interaction of the concept with the world around us
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: Mystery Skulls - The Future] | [Listeners: 1]
<+Penumbra> energy never dies
<+ATLAS_Moon> That consumes energy
<+Penumbra> therefore the energy spent on memes is merely transferring to the ship
<+ATLAS_Moon> Which is dissipated in the form of heat
<+Penumbra> exactly heat energy
<+Penumbra> Ninji go to sleep
<+Everclef> so when we say 'dank memes make energy' we mean that the noumenal object interacts with the physical world through memes
<+Ninji> :|
<+Everclef> memery*
<+Penumbra> the damn ants are back
<+ATLAS_Moon> In order for that theory to work, all systems need to be at least 100% efficient, which is impossible.
<+Everclef> why does that have to hold for meme theory to be true
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: Knife Party - Superstar] | [Listeners: 1]
<+Penumbra> memes are not bound by the laws of physics
<+resir014> the meme equation
<+Penumbra> for they are not from this dimension, they are from the memension
<+ATLAS_Moon> You are arguing that through the exerted thermal energy through the interaction generated by memes, we can generate energy. Correct?
<+Penumbra> si senor
<+ATLAS_Moon> That is not possible because that requires a 100% efficient closed system, which is not physically possible.
<+Everclef> the rate at which proteins and vitamins are randomly created increases exponentially as a meme becomes more popular
<+Penumbra> bam
<+ATLAS_Moon> Proof
<+Penumbra> memes can reach up to 911% efficiency
<+Penumbra> no i take that back
<+Penumbra> only 420%
<+ATLAS_Moon> I can see we've already abandoned logic'
<+Nergal> memes did 911?
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: Wolfgun - Red] | [Listeners: 2]
<+Penumbra> yse nergal
<+Penumbra> yes they did
<+Penumbra> Bush was a meme all along
<+Everclef> after a certain point of popularity the use of memes supplements our regular compost system enough that we have can sustain ourselves for a very long time
<+Everclef> [1][2][3]
<+ATLAS_Moon> That makes no sense
* Everclef has quit (Quit: quit)
* Everclef has joined #starlight
* conor gives voice to Everclef
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: Pogo - Anna] | [Listeners: 2]
<+Penumbra> ATLAS
<+Penumbra> none of this makes sense
<+Penumbra> that is the point of memes
<+ATLAS_Moon> When you abandon logic and proper science, I abandon interest
<+Penumbra> but what is science really?
<+Penumbra> who wrote the rules?
<+Penumbra> why are things the way they are?
<+Penumbra> what if in another dimension memes really are a fuel source?
<+ATLAS_Moon> Reality
<+Penumbra> how do you know we haven;t already left our own dimension
<+ATLAS_Moon> It'd be obvious
<+Everclef> [1] International Center of Meme Study, 2012, p.44-103b
<+ATLAS_Moon> And there are still fundamental laws all dementions must follow. Otherwise the whole thing falls apart on itself.
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: Wolfgun - CHRONICLE] | [Listeners: 2]
<+Penumbra> but how do you know this to be true?
<+ATLAS_Moon> http://s9.postimg.org/ilbqgw57j/Untitled.png
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: Uppermost - Different] | [Listeners: 2]
<+Everclef> [2] Hale (1986), dog (1993). "Memes and the physical world". Meme Theory 69 (130): 20-24.
<+ATLAS_Moon> These sources are bogus
<+Everclef> silly atlas, our google is restricted to data on the ship
<+Everclef> we can't actually get the earth internet so we can't check
<+Everclef> the ship doesn't have these papers on hand
<+ATLAS_Moon> We can get a connection through dimension hopping connections
<+Everclef> that's not a real thing
<+Penumbra> ATLAS IS THIS NOT ENOUGH PROOF FOR YOU?
<+Penumbra> https://acparmyofclubpenguin.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/shrke-illuminate.png
<+ATLAS_Moon> See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graviton
<+Penumbra> ATLAS we dont have access to an HPG
<+ATLAS_Moon> "higher-dimensional"
<+Penumbra> therefore no lightspeed communications
<+ATLAS_Moon> We have access
<+ATLAS_Moon> By node hopping through dimensions
<+Penumbra> thats not a thing
<+Penumbra> >:C
<+ATLAS_Moon> It is
<+Penumbra> stop making stuff up
<+ATLAS_Moon> It's something that's ACTUALLY explained through quantum mechanics
<+Penumbra> atleast we have proof to back up our claims
<+Everclef> it's hypothetical
<+Everclef> which means we haven't found it yet
<+ATLAS_Moon> Your claims are nonexistant
<+Everclef> so how could we use it if it's too fast for us to capture and use
<+ATLAS_Moon> How can we use memes when there is 0 research on them?
<+Everclef> memes interact with the physical world in a largely similar way that the mind interacts with the world
<+Penumbra> the universe was made by thought not matter
<+ATLAS_Moon> Even if that were true, there's no proof
<+Penumbra> mind made matter, not the other way around
<@STARLIGHT> [NOW PLAYING: Mat Zo - Easy (feat. Porter Robinson)] | [Listeners: 2]
<+Penumbra> for it is your mind that allows you to percieve the matter
<+ATLAS_Moon> me is done with this conversation
* ATLAS_Moon is done with this conversation
<+Penumbra> 300 HUNDRED XP AWAY
<+Penumbra> DAMNIT
<+Nergal> dogecoins
<+Everclef> that's a problem m'losophy solves
<+Penumbra> my job here is done
<+Nergal> vs wolfopoly dollars
<+Everclef> well in one of the competing theories anyway
<+Penumbra> i get payed 10 wolfopoly dollars for making ATLAS annoyed
<+Everclef> but they're solid theories
{% endhighlight %}
