---
category: logs
layout: logs
title: "&quot;We've seemed to mistake the Bat Room for a bathroom&quot;"
stardate: 12031
---

{% highlight irc %}
//START LOGS//
<meme_machine> log: are memes funny? stay tuned to find out
<meme_machine> log: no. no they aren't
<Kitanai> log: update - meme_machine eventually cringes in regret of his username
<nugflow> log: 2012 came back for revenge. all the steel beams in the ship have been melted down. we're gonna die soon
<Kitanai> log: i shield myself from the freshman and their meme-themed joking ways by climbing up the stairs to upper levels of classmanship. i'm slowly coming near the door out of this hell
<nugflow> log: are you serious? no i'm a skeleton
<ghostshadows> log: I've successfully smuggled my Smuckers Uncrustables on the ship, nobody has noticed them yet. wait, are these logs public?!
<meme_machine> log: can you cook a pbj sandwich on ion drives? let's find out
<meme_machine> log: NO YOU CANNOT ABORT
<ghostshadows> log: someone tried cooking a PBJ on the ion drives, why do we even try anymore
<Conor> log: you bring light in
<Skul> Log: I have been breaking out into hives.  I beleve someone has smuggled peanutbutter onboard
<Kitanai> log: i just got my pop tarts. and grape soda, but realized i had another soda, and i am glad that i did not open it.
<Kitanai> log: wait now that i realize wouldn't this soda be going everywhere without gravity now
<Kitanai> log: OH GOD IT'S ON MY SHIRT HE-
<ghostshadows> log: after fixing the artificial gravity, i realized that i made a mistake, Kitanai has soda all over them.
<Skul> log: why are these buttons sticky?
<meme_machine> log: ;)
<ghostshadows> log: after cleaning the 'unknown substance' off the control panel, i realized that the windows are all fogged up again, the prints are back :c
<Everclef> log: when  i got on this ship it wasn't  moving. are we in space are those space rods flying past us
<Kitanai> log: *loudly burps*
<ghostshadows> log: Hoping Yrr will come back soon with an updated map with our current location, as we're in the dark without Wolfgun
<ghostshadows> log: Conor is back, but we don't know if he can fly the ship, and wolfgun is covered in sticky notes, sleeping, so lets hope we dont hit anything
<Kitanai> log: uh guys i think there's soda all over wolfgun's pants how are we gonna explain that to him when he wakes up
<Skul> log: we seem to have received a distress call from what appears to be a green dorito
<Everclef> log: i learned today that it's really hard to draw penises on fur
<ghostshadows> log: The docking thrusters are FUBAR, so I've gotta order some off SpaceAmazon
<meme_machine> log: does ANYTHING work on this damn ships besides the ion drives
<Kitanai> log: everclef ya gotta use a sheath or have fur overlap the base a bit
<meme_machine> log: and the ion drives are really just stoves at this pont
<Kitanai> log: why are we talking about this lets not talk about this
<ghostshadows> log: I recieved the parts to fix the replicator, so we can get off the grits only diet
<Kitanai> log: but im already eating pop tarts
<ghostshadows> log: The smell of freshly replicated non-grits food is an amazing smell
<meme_machine> log: can we replicate more grits
<Kitanai> log: so are these pop tarts
<meme_machine> log: i like grits
<log> this was not a good idea
<Everclef> log: where did conor go
<Everclef> log: i guess we run the ship now
<ghostshadows> log: I've found more food on the ion drives, and some... fecal matter.
<Everclef> log: where are all of our steel beams
<Everclef> log: how is this ship still moving
<Skul> log: is no one going to address the fact we received a distress call from a humanoid rock?
<ghostshadows> log: wait, where'd conor go, oh there he is, he's having an identity crisis
<ghostshadows> log: I explained to Everclef that until i get people to stop cooking on the ion drives, we're actually drifting at high speeds, our course being changed by nearby stars gravities
<Kitanai> log: guys, HellieCharty has an insane puppy on the ship aboard ow and its really hyper. dont let it grab any of my sodas o
<Everclef> log: that's nice and all but where did all of our steel beams go
<Kitanai> log: or shits gonna get broke*
<ghostshadows> log: i put chicken wire around the ion drives, but there's a pizza stuck in the wire :/
<Kitanai> log: hellie will devour it
<Everclef> log: it's a miracle the ship hasn't been torn in half because we have no steel beams anywhere
<HellieCharty> log: actually brb I need to shower since I have work tomorrow
<Kitanai> log: hellie has work getting these beams back
<ghostshadows> log: I have found a secret room in the ship, and ordered steel beams to be delivered
<Everclef> log: when kitanai goes to sleep, let's follow his advice
<ghostshadows> log: this secret room is filled with @_Ninji's shitposts written all over the walls
<ghostshadows> log: the artificial gravity went out again, wolfgun's sleeping body is just floating, we dont want to wake him
* krantu puls out a sharpie
<ghostshadows> log: I found out what the red light ment, theres a distress call, but we cant help, wolfgun's asleep.
<ghostshadows> log: Fixed the ion drives, all working now, but we still dont know the destination of the ship
<ghostshadows> log: someone is messing with the radio, STARLIGHT radio has been replaced with reruns of Seinfeld
<ghostshadows> log: wait, the ship is turning... are we headed back to skrillfeld?!?!?
<ghostshadows> log: I've got to fix the radio, to see if we're heading towards skrillfeld
<ghostshadows> log: some random guy is spitting out binary code, we dont know what he's saying yet.
<Everclef> log: space is scary i wanna go back to EBONY
ghostshadows> log: It seems that it was just Penumbra messing with us
<ghostshadows> log: someone named batman joined, I dont trust him...
<ghostshadows> log: I've got to check the food replicator, see if my repairs worked
<ghostshadows> log: either Everclef is lying, or the storage closet was actually not a bathroom
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight irc %}
<Skul> Actualy it says Bat Room
<ghostshadows> oh really
<ghostshadows> shit
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight irc %}
<ghostshadows> log: We've seemed to mistake the Bat Room for a bathroom
<ghostshadows> log: All the repairs today, I've got to take a quick nap, the beds here aren't the best, but they're ok
<Everclef> log: someone shouted something racist then locked themselves in the poop closet. i'm going to get in  the airlock now
<Everclef> log: i'm opening the airlock
<ghostshadows> log: I've waken up, with a sharp pain in my backside, what happened?!?!
<ghostshadows> log: wait did the airlocks just open?
<Everclef> log: this space vacuum i just exposed the ship to doesn't exist, it's just an illusion
<Penumbra> we're in one of those quarter rides outsde of safeway
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight irc %}
<Skul> Then where did my burrito go?
<Penumbra> i put it in ghostsahdows butt
<Penumbra> ghostshadows
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight irc %}
<ghostshadows> log: things happened in the improvised bathroom, bad things...
<Everclef> log: guys under the "fuel" marker there's just nothing
<Everclef> log: i think we spent all of our fuel making logs
<ghostshadows> log: I put a sign to not go into the improvised bathroom
<ghostshadows> log: The fuel went out, i guess we're slowing down...
<ghostshadows> log: we seem to be decreasing speed at 12 meters a second per half hour
<Everclef> at least when we die, and people discover the remains of our ship, they can look at us and say "at least they had a separate room to poop in"
<ghostshadows> log: I've started research on alternative fuel for the ion drives, and i think we can!
//END LOGS//
{% endhighlight %}
